c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\curatedevent.dll.config
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\curatedevent.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\curatedevent.pdb
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.Extensions.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.IoC.Windsor3.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.Management.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.Packaging.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.Razor.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.ReusableParts.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.pdb
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.IoC.Windsor3.pdb
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.Management.pdb
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.Razor.pdb
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\N2.ReusableParts.pdb
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\obj\Debug\curatedevent.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\obj\Debug\curatedevent.dll
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\obj\Debug\curatedevent.pdb
c:\users\ben\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\curatedevent\curatedevent\bin\MySql.Data.dll
